I drove Dongdong Te, and Jiang and Song Xiao took all the money back.
Because we passed their phone on Foreign Street,
So they, what about them?
They will apply for the company's goods and services,
We are now in a state of restoration.
All the real seats are white,
I am the one contacting various industries, and they are doing this to me behind my back.
Chairman, this is also a good thing,
They also know about your earnings abroad this time.
Congratulations very much to a group of contemporaries,
Take a photo and see how much the company is doing now.
Let all foreign funds be returned
I want them to regret it without crying
Okay, it’s all up, but I’m going to do it
My dad and I remember, okay?
Your property is settled against your parents
Will the houses they built also be inspected?